Hello my friends, how are you today? I am Eliza of Beauty Without Limits
and today I am delighted to share with you one more video.
Girls, boys, manual skill, sense of creativity,
the curiosity for different cutting techniques,
meet the customer's requirements in a qualified way,
convince with knowledge
and advise in a competent manner.
These are some of the qualities that a hairdressing student
must consider.
Not only will you be fascinated by the cut,
the colors and beauty, but also you will learn your profession with a heart,
pleasure and a lot of passion.
The theme of this video is the scissors, but ...
What are the best hairdressing scissors for students?
The hairdresser requires intensive training to be able to style and cut properly
different types of hair, so that they look in a specific way.
To learn and perfect these skills it is necessary
have at hand the most necessary and indispensable tool,
so that students get the appropriate training.
It is not convenient that they make their career
with any scissors.
The scissors used by the students of
Hairdressing have to be necessarily of high quality.
The scissors is surely the most expensive tool in which a stylist needs to invest.
Some cutting scissors like the "Saki Makoto", which are the best
hairdressing scissors for students,
they offer extraordinary returns.
The "Saki Makoto" scissors are ideal
for beginners in the world of hairdressing and styling,
They are comfortable and easy to use,
with a very good precision in the cut. Its quality is extraordinary,
They are handmade by hand.
The thumb ring is angled to
a very relaxed work position without pressure traces,
smooth and durable edge, greater resistance to corrosion and chemical products.
In the hairdressing scissors kit for student "Saki Makoto" there are also the ones to degraph,
that have 27 teeth of thinning with very fine teeth in the shape of "U"
I do not know if you can appreciate; this for a nice feeling,
smooth and a precise cut.
The design of these scissors is also ergonomic on the fingers for relaxed work.
It is also indispensable for the student
learn to handle the knife.
This is made of stainless steel, has an ergonomic design.
It can be handled comfortably and precisely, as the cut requires.
Soft and durable edge.
The scissors should be stored in a secluded place,
preferably in its case, so we will avoid scratches that would affect
negatively the edge and its performance.
Well my friends, after these tips
I just hope that by having your professional scissors for students, they will give you excellent use,
Take care of them, because these scissors will last for long years.
Friends, I love you very much, you know that I love you.
I send you a kiss Muaks
If you liked the video, please give it to me, subscribe and see you in the next
video. Bye.